updated performance numbers (#255)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/whats-new/whats-new-compose-170.md

When comparing Compose Multiplatform 1.6.11 paired with Kotlin 2.0.0 and Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%
paired with Kotlin 2.0.20, we see better results across the board:

* The *LazyGrid* benchmark simulates `LazyVerticalGrid` scrolling, which is closest to real-life use cases, and performs **~9%** faster on average.
    It also shows significantly reduced number of missed frames, which usually make the users perceive the UI as less responsive.
    Try it out for yourself: apps made with Compose Multiplatform for iOS should feel much smoother.
* The *VisualEffects* benchmark renders a lot of randomly placed components and works **3.6** times faster:
    average CPU time per 1000 frames was reduced from 8.8 seconds to 2.4.
* The *AnimatedVisibility* composable animates showing and hiding an image and demonstrates **~6%** faster rendering.

On top of that, Kotlin 2.0.20 introduces experimental [support for concurrent marking](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew2020.html#concurrent-marking-in-garbage-collector) 

> in the garbage collector (GC). Enabling concurrent marking shortens GC pauses and demonstrates even bigger improvements for all benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the garbage collector. Enabling concurrent marking shortens garbage collector pauses and leads to even bigger improvements for all benchmarks.
```

I wouldn't introduce an acronym here to use it only once.
